Add Private DNS Resolver module (#34)
gofrontier-com/azurerm-terraform-modules: modules/private-dns-resolver/README.md

# Private DNS Resolver

> This module creates a [Private DNS Resolver](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_resolver) and associated [Diagnostic Setting](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting).

Reviewer: No diag settings, and don't think they're avail for this resource, however think we should mention endpoints.
```suggestion
This module creates a [Private DNS Resolver](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_resolver), including [Inbound](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/private_dns_resolver_inbound_endpoint) and [Outbound](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_resolver_outbound_endpoint) Endpoints.
```

## Usage

```hcl
module "private_dns_resolver" {

>   source = "https://github.com/gofrontier-com/azurerm-terraform-modules/releases/download/private_dns_resolver/[VERSION]/module.tar.gz//src"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source = "https://github.com/gofrontier-com/azurerm-terraform-modules/releases/download/private-dns-resolver/[VERSION]/module.tar.gz//src"
```
